	Hello! My name is Guohao Liao, you can just call me Paul, and I am a sophomore studying computer science at the University of Minnesota Twin Cities.

	I have had a strong interest in programming since I was young. The beginning of everything may have been because when I was a child, my dad took me to an internet cafe to play games. I still remember him taking me to play Red Alert and Starcraft. Since then, I have been obsessed with games. So far, I have played and completed over 100 games, such as Elden Ring, Monster Hunter, Kingdom Come Delivery 2, and more. My love for electronic games made me start thinking: how are electronic games made? And this thought is the reason why I started learning programming.

	In elementary school, I still remember using Scratch to create small animations and games. When I was in elementary to junior high school, I started learning robot making, which involves using materials to build robots and then programming them with Python to make them run. When I was in high school, I started using Python programming to assist my learning. What impressed me the most was that when I was learning matrix calculations, I found that a lot of repetitive calculations needed to be done, so I wrote a program myself that could perform a series of basic matrix calculations. There are also programs such as vector computing (in _Project_) and so on. Of course, at this time, I joined the school's STEM club (more details in _Experience_), participated in VEX competitions, and served as a programmer and team captain. Now, in college, I have been exposed to many other programming languages and learned a lot of basic knowledge about computer science, which has deepened my understanding of programming. For example, the simplest thing, I didn't know before is that it was best to have each function do only one thing.

	Of course, after studying programming from elementary school to now, my passion for programming has not diminished by a single point. I have always been thinking about what I can do with programming: because no one helped me while learning English, I wrote a program called "Translate Fill in the blanks". The English appeared on the left side, and I needed to write the corresponding Chinese translation on the right side. It also collected my mistakes in a TXT file (which was accidentally lost during a system reinstallation, and I didn't know GitHub at the time). Because in the Discord channel, other people's music playback robots cannot directly recognize the audio of the video, so I made one myself (in _Project_). This website was also my wild idea when I was thinking about how to stand out among many programmers, although it is no longer a wild idea now.

	As I mentioned at the beginning, I learned programming because of gaming, so now I am learning Unreal 5. Although it is just the beginning, I believe I can create a work that satisfies me.